# clusteringloader

Tool to load into the AnEnDB relational database all the clustering result files generated by other AnEnDB package like **clusperin** for example. 

## Getting Started

**clusteringloader** is a crucial part of a major set of packages: 

* keggreader
* keggimporter
* anendbtofasta
* blasperin
* clusperin


## Requirements

To run **clusteringloader** you need:

* Results generated by previous AnEnDB package like **clusperin** for example.
* A fully functional AnEnDB relational database.


## Installing

* Download (and extract) the zip file from this repository or clone it using **git** command.
* Go to the opened directory.
* Run:

```
python setup.py install
```

* Installation is done.


## Run clusteringloader

* Simply type **clusteringloader** in your console.

**Example:**

```
clusteringloader --database database_name \
                 --password database_password \ 
                 --host database_host \ 
                 --user database_user \ 
                 --source-data where_is_the_clustered_result_files 
                 --metadata-file where_is_the_clustering_metadata_file
                 --insert-files-directory where_to_put_database_insert_instructions_file
```

## Explaining the parameters

* --database

Name of the relational database to load the results.

* --password

Password to access the database.

* --host

Host/IP where's the relational database.

* --user

User to access the database.

* --source-data

Where's the clustered result files.

* --metadata-file

Where's the metadata file generated by the clustering process.

* --insert-files-directory

Where to put the database insert instructions file.

* --log-file

Full path the a log file. That's necessary because the process can take several hours/days depending on the amount of files.





